.TH CREUVUXD.CONF 5 "November 02, 2010" "creuvuxd-0.81" "Creuvux (Daemon) Manual" 
.SH NAME
creuvuxd.conf - Configuration file for creuvux server
.SH DESCRIPTION
creuvuxd.conf contains a list of creuvux variable assignements that is read at creuvuxd startup.
.SS Options:
.TP
.B CREUVUX_USER
client is mapped to the user specified.

Default: 
.B CREUVUX_USER="creuvux"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_CHROOT
Client is chrooted in this jail directory.
.TP
.B CREUVUX_PATH
directory where files server.pem, rootcert.pem and groups.xml must be.

Default: 
.B CREUVUX_PATH="/etc/creuvux/"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_ADDR
Assign an address to listen.
Example:
.B CREUVUX_ADDR="192.168.1.1"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_HOST
Assign an hostname. Creuvux clients connect to CREUVUX_HOST.
Example:
.B CREUVUX_HOST="creuvux.org"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_PORT
Assign a port to listen

Default: 
.B CREUVUX_PORT="1664"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_DEBIT
Bandwidth allowed by server (in Ko/s).

Default:
.B CREUVUX_DEBUG="300"

.B CREUVUX_DEBUG
Run with on debug mode (yes or no)

Default: 
.B CREUVUX_DEBUG="yes"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_PID
Name of pid file.
.TP
.B CREUVUX_SEC
Security level (yes or no)

Default: 
.B CREUVUX_SEC="no"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_PWD
Certificat passphrase.




.TP
.B CREUVUX_UPDIR
Directory where is upload file(s). CREUVUX_UPDIR is in chroot jail.

Ex: If real path is 
.I /media/updir 
and CREUVUX_CHROOT  
.I /media
, CREUVUX_PATH must be 
.I "/updir"

Default: 
.B CREUVUX_UPDIR="/"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_PUBLIC
In this directory all files are read by users of group which name is "all" [see group.conf(5)].

Default: 
.B CREUVUX_PUBLIC="/"
.TP
.B CREUVUX_IPV
Version of ip protocol (4|6).

Default: 
.B CREUVUX_IPV="4"
.SH SEE ALSO
creuvuxd(8), group.conf(5) 
